come on you might have gone for a big
walk it looks like both Ali and Massa
Kagawa have left the table so we're
going to be playing this hand six handed
remember you don't have to play when
you're playing cash game in the
tournament these players would be
getting dealt in and blind it out patrik
antonius suited ten nine and he's going
to raise it to 2,500 one of the few
hands so far where someone hasn't
straddled Tony G going to call this
after Phil Ivey folded because Ferguson
folds so does Hanson pretty strong
drawing hand so far so jawanda will call
three players to the flop and here is
the flop ace Queen ten of diamonds wow
I've only had two royal flushes in my
career Barry this is a very rare hand
obviously Tony G with the nuts and no
possible way of losing this hand unless
he should somehow miss read his hand and
fold he had a big local are you going to
bed and it's been checked around to
Patrick
and he checks his bottom pair a check
and so does Tony well of course he's
going to give us his opponents a chance
that maybe catch up a little and he
catches a nine of diamonds here well
patrick has two pair now if it comes a
nine or ten on the river he could get in
trouble with a full house Towanda still
with a pair in a straight draw and Tony
G is going to continue slow-playing
queen of clubs I'm Juwanna made trips
but of course he loses to any diamond
needless to say Tony G has better than
that 6000 event from Tony G jawanda gets
away from his hand and of course Patrick
can't possibly call
well it's thinking about it maybe
auntie folds pretty sick one plastic huh
I gotta share that what are the odds to
pop that I had trips sick it's not often
you can for parole gosh so Tony gflops
the rarest handle